oh you can see that it's been all
systems go sorry i haven't done you any
in between shots between the previous
video and this at every stage of the way
but well first on the left here we've
got some floating herbs cool i cut those
out of polystyrene foam myself ah the
other big change is the water jetting
back in now I actually did this once
already and I had to redo it the holes
are too big and too many of them so it
really wasn't causing the aeration that
I wanted to achieve but you can see
that's fantastic it's just really
pumping it in so the exciting thing is
that within the hour I'll make sure you
got the fish arriving too so before we
we do that i'll put a better do a quick
update though so we zoom around to the
other side you can see the bit of foam
on the Left down having that chance to
put the holes in it let me tell you
that's a pain in the butt but you can
see the water coming in I'm just going
to zoom down and pull the sperm out take
a seat of water zooming in there now
look at the amount of aeration that I
mean that is just beautiful and
obviously look at the veggie soup now we
the last memory I think it's 160
seedlings will be able to carry in this
whole area so for the size of the area
and the produce we're going to you know
put out I mean that's just fantastic 160
units coming out now i'll get the holes
in this later and but i'll probably wait
a little while before i use that one so
that I've got some you know green stop
coming on after these ones are starting
to to you know produce
can you see I've upgraded the size of
the water going back in we've got a
double 50 million left there well it's
actually two inlets connects it to the
one we fight for the safety so that I
don't have a leaf blocking it up it
caused a backup issue i will as a safety
issue over the finger at this area here
i'm just going to put some two or three
20 mil pipes through there in case it it
does back up down in the draining system
and that'll actually you know be an
overflow type scenario um so you can see
back to here I've got the gradient
position out the water flow I've got the
water flow I've got sorted out I'm not
sure that's it don't feel ends but it's
effectively 78 full of sight now the
water flow between the water pump
picking it up and pumping it in through
there and it's flowing down here in
through there and into there and then
back into the pond is perfect it's
maintaining that height and I've been
running the this first 24 7 basically
for a week or so now so I've got the
flow sorted I decided to run it you know
all day every day to test that and I'll
be putting the timer back in we're not
going to have it as a continual flow
system we we don't need to
certainly once we get the grow beds
sorted which we're probably going to be
running down the side there you know
will operate on the ebb and flow system
so you know we run it for 15 minutes
fill up the grow beds and then the
system will shut off for 45 so the grow
beds drain back into the pond and do the
filter bit and that should be ok here if
I didn't have the aeration that I've
managed to achieve in the water then I'd
probably be worried but I think we're
pretty safe and well hey we can only
test okay so that's the update for now
but on the next video you should see
well I'll try and get it on video the
fish actually going in the little
fingerling apparently they're four to
five inches we're going with trout as
the temperature of the water 13 14
degrees too damn cold our ideal fish is
the silver perch of the barramundi but
that it's a bit cold for them so we'll
have to wait until November we should
apparently be able to have the trout
plate size by November December so we'll
certainly do our best having never eaten
trout and it could be interesting so see
you on the next video with the trout